good morning people giving continuity then
our training technique
we already did the part we showed how
is built as a smoker in the refrigerator
we show how the effect
prepared can to saw and now
we will show how we
Ignite this to do training
You can see here we already have
some prepared songs
we have a canopy and a rib there and
a pork belly
In this case it would be bacon but it is
without skin
so now I'm going to show you how it is
what are we going to do?
the firing of the fire took a piece of
small paper mounts ellis format
shell like this
we put it here in the hole of the can
from the bottom up here we can
observe any other there but we try
a little oil can be time to eat
even cooking oil
simply so it does not catch combustion
quickly the oil will keep the fire
on and will burn the paper slowly
until he had fire in the hand can be
little alcohol and we do not want
simply to give a small
combustion
we give him time to catch
well the fire
He can see that he's calling her.
here and already coming out
then it will burn all this part of the
middle of the can be with this burning
He leaves a little more fire at the beginning.
after it can be set on fire there
so it slowly burns the
people give this time
for him to catch fire while he
It's burning here we can
add it within justice
our smoking
This way it's already heating up the environment there.
You can observe the flame is
going up
This is normal, she happens to stay.
so for a period until the apple
can be the one who after it will download
this flame and keep your smoke
is a very simple and easy process of
do
You can do in your home who does not have
the smoker can do this within
a barbecue provided that it is a
shallow and the secret of hysteria
cover the mouth of the barbecue leave
only the entrance of the air beneath it and
then close the part that you
put the barbecue there you cover with
some or a siding for simply
catch is in the heat and smoke
Then you can already see that you're already doing
Smoke Flame Already Downloaded Now We Go
close the smoker and then
eight-hour process
We are going to show you how it is that
got this meat
so this is it for the next video
We'll see how this house got.
Will you be able to try it?
thank you